# Hi

Just got done with my morning yoga, cold shower, in the middle of a fast (obviously)... yeah this is full silicon valley mode.
All that was missing was this, a blog! Why should you be reading this? You probably shouldn't, I'm pretty sure I dont know how to write and it's not like I have
anything to say. Go make something cool! There's a guy that build a self driving [car company](comma.ai) out of his garage! You can probably do something which is 
*at least* half as cool, right?

Anyways if you're still reading maybe you care to know a lil' bit about me. Im 22 (probably wont be by the time you're reading), live in argentina (hopefully wont be by the time you're reading)
and am really excited about *everything* right now.

## Why? Dunning Kruger

We're really lucky, if you're reading this, it means you have access to the tools to build pretty much anything...
Think about it, what's the next big thing? What new invention is going to change the world? I have no clue, but I'm pretty sure there's going to be some code behind it.
We can be a part of that big thing, we can make it... You'd be surprised how closely you're sitting to that power. Just being aware of it brings you a lot closer to being 
able to build **it**, whatever **it** may be. I think that's pretty cool.

Something I've been thinking about lately is the Dunning-Kruger effect- just as an aside, do we really **think** about **things**? I probably though about this effect like 
twice in the last day, for maybe 5 minutes, whens the last time we really *thought* about something? - **aside over, we're back on side**. It started in a meeting
I had the other day, with a colleague that showed me how I could write some code in a way that worked like 1000 times better than it was working. He introduced me 
to multiprocessing in python with the `ThreadPoolExecutor`. This isn't such a big deal, but for some reason, it really blew my mind that I had no clue it existed.
Until that point I thought i sort of knew what I was doing in python, but I don't - and that makes me really excited. 

This is pretty standard stuff, **everybody** has heard of it, I know. But here's an idea, **we should strive to be in the valley of despair** beacause this is the point
where stand to gain the most by spending time learning. How many times have you started learning something new and gotten bored of it within a week? If you're anything like me,
this happens a lot.

## Derivatives

Here's a way of thinking about the Dunning-Kruger effect which I think explains the serial quitting most of us fall into. Let's look at the curve in terms of derivatives. I'm too lazy to go over what the derivative of a function is (I probably dont *really* know), but in this case just think of it as the slope of the curve. What I think is that we're really prone to quit when we perceive this slope to be 0. Either we think we've mastered something (and are a little bit underwhelmed this is all it can do) or we feel absolutely lost and hopeless, so, we quit. What we dont realize is that it would be very disco if we *didn't* quit. Especially if we're down in the valley, because by moving forwards, you're guaranteed to gain! A lot! 

## An example

Like I said before, I used to think I kind of knew how to make stuff with python. I recently discovered that I'm really bad at it. This isn't the full truth, I can actually build stuff, and most of the time those things will do what I want them to. So what happens if I **actually** become good at it? Who knows what I could make? I have no idea but I'm pretty sure its worth finding out...
